[VIDECO-8004] - Update Insights-API samples with applicationIds (#71)
opentok/insights-dashboard-sample: README.md

- `REACT_APP_INSIGHTS_URL` (Required): The URL for the OpenTok Insights API server.
- `REACT_APP_API_KEY` (Required): Your OpenTok API Key.

> - `API_SECRET` (Required only for TokBox users): Your OpenTok API Secret (For TokBox users, only).
> - `PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` (Required only for Nexmo users): Your Private Key (For Nexmo users, only).

Reviewer: Throughout the README and code, we should use "OpenTok" instead of "TokBox" and "Vonage" instead of "Nexmo." And we should say "OpenTok projects" and "Vonage applications." So, I recommend this here:

```suggestion
- `API_SECRET` (Required when using an OpenTok project): The OpenTok API secret (For TokBox users, only).
- `PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` (Required when using a Vonage application): The file path to the private key (for your Vonage application).
```
And the README should make it clearer that you can use either an Vonage application (with an application ID and private key) or an OpenTok project (with the project API key and secret).

Reviewer: @rhainer Please comment on the correct language to use here.

Author: Fixed, @jeffswartz
